When a user uploads their data from the floating menu bar, I want a loading screen to pop up before they are taken to their canvas panel in the workspace. On that loading screen, I want to see the loading state animation that shows up when data is being processed in the data panel in the workspace (or something like this). Below that loading state, I want our software to suggest to the user values that they can define (just as they would on the Templates page) for the data that just uploaded and is currently being processed. The reason I want to do this is because it can take a few minutes in general for big data uploads to process, and the user needs to do something in the meantime so they don’t get distracted and leave, and since users are going to be defining these properties anyway to build out templates to improve the ETL process, they might as well do it while their data is loading on this loading screen. Whatever actions are performed on this screen should then be auto applied and saved to the Templates page for this project, just as it normally would be.   One problem I foresee happening is the software waiting till the data is fully process before showing values that the user can define / match. How can we do a quick evaluation of the data so values can be defined / matched on this loading screen as soon as possible before the data is fully processed? Maybe we need to have the AI ETL processing just the column headers first and send over headers that it doesn’t already recognize or aren’t already defined by the user in the templates before the rest of the data is processed? That could help speed up the process, but I’m not sure if it’s possible or if it even makes sense to do. Does this have to happen all at once, too, or maybe we can send over values/names/etc. to be defined by the user as soon they are identified by the AI ETL processing?   **IN THE MEANTIME feature… ^^ maybe add this to the data processing screen, too? Asks the user: “While your data is processing, would you like to add more context to better inform your report? I.e. “We launched our new website geared at enterprise customers.” Or “We launched 2 new top of funnel brand videos for retargeting ads on YouTube.” Or “We launched new product pricing tiers last month” 
- There could be a message that appears on the screen saying something along the lines of: “Everything you add gets organized and stored in your data base, can be referenced by you, and will always be referenced by your AI Chat when asking questions or building reports” 