When a user uploads their data, I want a loading screen to pop up before they are taken to their canvas panel in the workspace. On that loading screen, I want to see the loading state animation that shows up when data is being processed in the data panel in the workspace. Below that loading state, I want our software to suggest to the user values that they can define (just as they would on the Templates page) for this data that is currently being process. The reason I want to do this is because it can take a few minutes in general for big data uploads to process, and the user needs to do something in the meantime so they don’t get distracted and leave, and since users are going to be defining these properties anyway to build out templates to improve the ETL process, they might as well do it while their data is loading on this loading screen. Whatever actions are performed on this screen should then be auto applied and saved to the Templates page for this project, just as it normally would be. One problem I foresee happening is the software waiting till the data is fully process before showing values that the user can define / match. How can we shoot over values to be defined / matched on this loading screen as soon as possible, before the sheet is fully processed? Maybe we need to have the AI ETL processing read headers first and send over headers that it doesn’t already recognize or aren’t already defined by the user in the templates before the rest of the data is processed? Dose this have to happen all at once, too, or maybe we can send over values/naems/etc. to be defined by the user as they come up in the processing?   **IN THE MEANTIME feature… ^^ maybe add this to the data processing screen, too? Asks the user: “While your data is processing, would you like to add more context to better inform your report? I.e. “We launched our new website geared at enterprise customers.” Or “We launched 2 new top of funnel brand videos for retargeting ads on YouTube.” Or “We launched new product pricing tiers last month” 
- “Everything your contribute gets organized and stored in your “Change Logs” and is referenced by your AI Chat when asking questions or building reports” 